OSSMDOC-198: Update configuration reference section. (#34983)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-cr-version.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-reference-smcp.adoc

[id="ossm-cr-version_{context}"]
= version parameter

> You use the `version` parameter to specify what Maistra version of the control plane to install. When you create a `ServiceMeshControlPlane` with an empty `version`, the admission webhook sets the version to the current version. New `ServiceMeshControlPlanes` with an empty `version` are set to `v2.0`. Existing `ServiceMeshControlPlanes` with an empty `version` keep their setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `version` parameter to specify which version of the Maistra control plane to install. When you create a `ServiceMeshControlPlane` object with an empty `version` parameter, the admission webhook sets the version to the current version. New `ServiceMeshControlPlane` objects with an empty `version` are set to `v2.0`. Existing `ServiceMeshControlPlane` objects with an empty `version` keep their setting.
```
